hey guys its beauty stuff 312 and I'm
going to show you how to make this trip
brace me right here so let's start off
with what we need to make this bracelet
so the first thing you will need is some
string I got this up doll memo but i'm
drinking pilots and you can store or a
dollar around your area then you owe me
a pair of scissors and some tape all
right so let's get started so I just cut
two strands of pink string and two
strands of blue string right here and
the first thing you want to do is take
them together and tie knot at the top so
just like this just tie at the top
take that and then what you want to do
is get some tape and tape it to a desk
or you can get the safety pin and tape
it safety pin it to your pillow or get a
clipboard and use clipboard but I'm
going to tip it to the desk alright so
first you want to choose what color you
want to start off with I'm going to
start off with the blue and the first
step is to make the floor with the blue
and then pick up the pink and take it up
take the blue from underneath and make
it on at the top and you want to keep
doing the same thing so make a 4 get it
from underneath and pull it to the side
and make a knot alright guys so what do
you want to do is keep doing the same
thing so I'm just going to do it really
quickly and then i'll show you how to
switch my list ok so when you want to
switch careers what you do is take the
pink and then forwards a pink pick up
the blue go underneath take the pink and
pull up and Megan off and you want to
just keep doing the same things and make
a positive please pick up the food or
form underneath and make an awful to
paper and you want to keep doing the
same thing until you get the desired
length of pink that you want and then
you want to switch back to blue and then
keep going until you make a bracelet as
long as your risk and beige product
should look something like this like a
shoulder the beating video
remove your pool because you can make
the best friendship where you can so you
can even use another bookmarks as I do
sometimes and they look really nice on
and you can use it water different
colors and yeah that's this video
comment below and let me know if you
want want these types of videos or not
thanks